I started out with the Phantom 2 Vision and this is a great product. Very stable with good pictures. My initial aim was to just have an eye in the sky. As I started to get into aerial videos, I began to yearn for something more. After looking at my videos, I started to get more immersed into them and wanting to get better at video recording. This was between Feb - Apr 2015. Then the Phantom 3 happened. First, I did not like the ‘fish eye’ lens on the P2 vision as I don’t have time to do the correction afterwards. Even though there was some stability, I wanted more. I was not too hung up on the range because at 1000ft in daylight, you probably won’t see the quadcopter so you’d have to rely on the video, which cuts in and out around 700ft and sometimes drops out. I’ve decided to sell my Phantom 2 Vision and get the Phantom 3 Advanced. Welcome to the DJI Phantom 3 Advanced with improved range especially video, rectilinear lens and gimbal, added features over its predecessor at a price no one else can beat and it’s ready to fly right of the box. Let’s get into it. Physical dimensions of the quadcopter are about the same as the P2 except with the addition of the vision position sensor and gimbal [non-vision plus]. The remote controller is much improved over its predecessor. It is the Inspire 1 remote controller [form, fit and probably 90%+ function]- Contoured rubberized edges for comfortable grip, tablet support capability, video transmitter built in the controller, built-in Lipo battery and camera controls plus the “PAF” mode switch neatly tucked on the side for unintended operation. Before even using the P3-A, you have to update all of the firmware and calibrate the GPS. Once you’re done, you are ready to fly. I also liked the fact that all of the aircraft and remote controller settings can be accessed directly from the tablet/mobile device as opposed to its predecessor where it has to be connected to the computer - very smart move DJI. Flying the aircraft itself is pretty fun. It seems very stable in the air. I took videos with probably 10-20 mph wind gusts and it was pretty stable. You could not tell whether the wind was blowing or not. I also like the indoor vision positioning sensors. I plan on capitalizing on this feature, but yet to do so. I’ve been flying outdoors to make sure I get all the practice and not crash this thing. You also have the ability to select preset modes or customize the controls yourself. This is great and make flying become second nature so that I can focus on the camera. The camera, which includes stills and video is awesome. The quality is just superb. It helps a great deal with the camera controls built right into the controller. Gimbal control on the left, video and stills on the left and right plus two additional customizable buttons under the controller. With a few video techniques, you are a pro in no time at all. I also love the built-in director app to quickly edit and compile your videos and watch or send them. It’s very intuitive. Using this thing under sunlight can be an extreme killer so I’ve ordered a sunshade. I’ll see how that works out. I also like the fact that you can use either a tablet or phone. I’d recommend a tablet for the experience, unless you are in a jam and have no other option. You’ll probably need a lanyard as the controller with the tablet will have some weight and after prolonged use, your muscles will start to twitch. The built in Lipo battery is also another great feature. I pretty much used this thing about 3-4 times within a week and the battery indicator did not go below 75% which is solid. I’m waiting on the extra battery for the aircraft and do another round of testing. I also like the indicator for the remote controller battery over its predecessor in which I always have extra 4-set of AA batteries. Honestly, I have absolutely no complains using the P3-A. It’s a great aircraft to fly and I encourage all of you to constantly review FAA guidelines before flying. It may always seem trivial flying until something goes wrong. I believe DJI has done its best to update the firmware with geofencing as I noticed that I cannot fly in areas I used to fly with the P2 Vision, and that’s a very good thing. Don’t go disabling the GPS [unless you have a license or permission] to make life difficult for the rest of us plus you could lose your bird. Even with the P3-A, I’ve lost signal and I just don’t know what I’d do without the peace of mind knowing that the RTH function works for failsafe conditions. Happy flying folks and fly safe! Update on 11/10/2015 So I've flown this bird now for over 5 months and I must say that I've matured a lot in flying and using the functions or the quadcopter. DJI has also made updates and improvements and it had gotten even better. In no particular order, here goes. 1. Feature added for RTH function to come back to remote controller instead of last take-off point. 2. Compass calibration and flight altitude resolved 3. All-in-one firmware feature added. This is helpful instead of managing separate files and methods. Update P3-A on SD card and for remote controller, follow on-screen directions on tablet and update. It's that simple. Nice! 4. Ability to downgrade aircraft firmware and hopefully remote as well. It could come in handy. 5. I don't like the built-in video editor due to the time limitation and a bunch of stuff. I'vbe seen some upgrades but for a freeware editor, just use GoPro Studio. 6. DJI Pilot -> DJI GO. I guess unification is key here. 7. Updates to the navigation modes to add 'follow me', 'points-of-interest' including waypoints. There are other updates I believe but I love this thing even more. Great aircraft to fly all over and flying is never as trivial as it seems to be. Practice a lot and be skillful with depth perception as you may think you are clear when in fact you are not. I also limited my distance to 1000ft. I am yet to try and max range and I'll wait until I get a clear line-of-sight to come to that conclusion.

