As an engineer, I go nuts over techie toys like this but am not easily pleased by marketing hooplah and fancy packaging alone. So far, I'm pleased to report that the Ring doorbell's performance has exceeded my expectations of what a Smart doorbell should be. I'm satisfied with the lag (~1 to 4 secs in my testing) from pressing the doorbell to getting a phone notification message. Daytime/nighttime (has 2 IR emitters) video quality is better than expected. 720p resolution is very good. Viewing angle is very good. 2 way audio quality and volume is reasonable for most outdoor applications (making this in App adjustable would be great feature though!). It's faults are already well known: motion sensing feature not currently enabled, no ability to remotely activate the viewer in the current App, no settings to turn off the in-unit fake doorbell sound, no setting to temporarily disable interior doorbell sound (unlike Skybell). I do have a high speed internet connection and strong Wifi coverage to support the HD quality video feed. Your results might differ if you don't have these by your front door location.I do hope the Ring App designers release an update soon to fix some of the limited capabilities, but I am quite satisfied with even the current functionality of the device. I've never used the Doorbot (the predecessor to Ring) and based on its horrid reviews I was scared to even give Ring a try. Well, I generally think this is a better looking and higher performing product than Skybell and I'm glad I took the gamble to try it out.3/11/15 Edit: Motion Detection feature is now enabled and worked pretty reliably for the few days that I tested it. I disabled it again since I don't like generating an alert every time I enter and exit through the front door. I played a little bit with my wifi router placement and noticed that the Ring doorbell really needs a strong signal for reliable performance. When I moved my router further, my video recordings would get choppy and my notification lags would range from 2-10 seconds. Sometimes, it simply could not connect meaning you would get no video recordings and no notification of a visitor other than the hardwired existing doorbell chime. I contacted Ring support and they remotely decreased the resolution of the video to better cope with a low bandwidth/poor wifi situation but that didn't help enough. I would suggest that if you have performance issues with this doorbell that you increase your wifi signal by better router placement or install a signal extender and see if that corrects your problems. Overall, I'm still happy with this product.