For starters, don't buy this from warehousedeals or any 3rd party seller.

If you do, you will not be eligible for the 2 yr warranty. A repair would cost $75 -- more than the cost of the unit.

I finally got it to work, although when I initially tried to get the label spool around it, it sucked it in and clogged. Took a call to support to figure out how to fix. In the meanwhile, there's a black plastic tab that is supposed to move down the roller on the bottom. Well, the tab is very weak and er, was damaged. With the tab damaged, you can't actually fit the faceplate on, so for a while it was operating without the faceplate.

Finally got it sorted out by forcing it back into position. Shoddy engineering though to make that lever so weak.

As for the value proposition, it's lousy.

I got it basically after trying out stamps.com. Stamps.com charges $16/mo to print USPS postage, and so I figured that a one-time investment of $60 would be a winner b/c I could just print out USPS postage from it for no monthly fee.

I can sorta do that. I can print out USPS postage for packages up to 13 oz. To do so I need to use special stamp rolls which cost additional, plus I have to pay the full cost of the stamp. So it doesn't really save money. A pack of 200 stamps costs $16, which is pretty high.

But I want it to print out package shipping labels for larger packages. To gain this ability, you are charged $9.99 a month. In other words, ZERO savings over Stamps.com

And the large labels aren't included in the beginner package. The larger 4x2.5 labels cost $15 for one roll of 300. That's fairly expensive for what is basically a roll of stickers. Shouldn't be more than $5.

I thought I had found a way to save time and money for shipping packages. I didn't. I would recommend either stamps.com (which can print postage on the standard printer that you already own) or using paypal's USPS service which has the same prices, only 1) no monthly fee and 2) no "money left on the table" because with paypal you don't have to buy postage in $10 chunks.

1/5 stars. Avoid.
