The red this watch is done in is exactly as it appears in the photos on the product page. Sometimes watches can look a little different in person compared to online, but this watch is identical to the photos. Even down to the slight variation between the red in the watch's face and the shade of red the ceramic band is done in.

The watch face is a bright candy apple red shade. The watch band is a bit more of a burgundy color. Lined around the roman numeral numbers on the watch's face are a ton of beautiful little Swarovski Crystals. The color and style of this watch will make a great piece for wearing during the fall and winter season. From Thanksgiving to Valentine's Day and all the days in between, this watch goes with so many of the season's usual wardrobe colors. Deep browns, reds, greens, white, gold, silver all will look great with this watch.

I have another ceramic Anne Klein watch that is very similar style as this one, and it's held up beautifully in the 2-3 years I've owned it. My other watch like this one is done in a delicate pink shade, and is the same shape and size except it doesn't have crystals around the outside of the watch face. Friends of mine who had similar ceramic watches chipped or broke easily with daily wear, but my pink watch still looks brand new after years of wear. So I my expectations are that this watch in red will be just as durable and hold up just as well.

I have a 6 inch wrist so I removed the extender link that comes on the band (no tools needed) and then also one of the ceramic links for a snug fit. If you have a wrist 6 inches or smaller, you might want to get something like this GGI Watch Band Link Remover Tool Kit so you can remove a link or two to make the band a little smaller. It's a lot easier to do than it sounds and well worth it if you have a small wrist and like your watches to not slide around a lot on you.

If you have small wrists, are looking for a watch with a snug fit and don't feel comfortable with removing links on your own, Anne Klein's bangle bracelet watches have a smaller fit to them and are gorgeous too. Watches like this Anne Klein Women's AK/1868GBST Swarovski Crystal-Accented Gold-Tone Bangle Watch and Bracelet Set come already fitted a little smaller in size. So if you have a small wrist, taking out just the extender link from that watch makes the band the same size as a watch like this ceramic one when you remove the extender link and then also one of the ceramic links.
