I bought this TV from Best Buy, but I figured I'd write the review here as well.  Purchased it on September 27th of this year. One month later, on October 25th, the screen stopped working. The TV would power on and I could hear menu option clicks, but absolutely no screen.  Instead of returning it, since I had thrown away the box, I decided to call Samsung and use the warranty. It took them 5 days to get a technician to my home (Technical Difficulties was the company, out of Green Bay Wisconsin). The tech determined it was a defective screen and they would order another one. That was on a Monday. The next week, on Tuesday, after not hearing from them I called Difficulties. They informed me the order for the screen hadn't been put in until the previous Thursday so it won't arrive until Friday, which will be over two weeks since it broke.  Friday comes, the screen arrives, the tech shows up. I help him bring the screen up to my apartment. The box has an obvious "punch hole" in the side. We take the screen out and sure enough it's cracked and dented. Tech tells me they have to order another one, which will take another two weeks.  The tech also told me I should just contact Samsung and see if they can just let me replace the TV at Best Buy.  So I did, and set off two weeks of being run in circles by the horrid Samsung customer service. It's off shore of course, so that is what it is. For issues like mine they transfer you to "executive customer service" which is exactly the same thing except they're not off shore. The waiting period every time I called was at least 20 minutes.  Working with customer service they provided me a few different options, all of which would take two or more weeks "maybe" and then, they told me, I might not even get the same model I bought. I was told I may get a plasma version... After calling over and over trying to get better service I finally called yesterday and asked for a refund. It's going to take almost a month to get my money back.  Moral: you probably won't have issues with your TV. But consider the deplorable customer service record of Samsung and think about other warranty options. I don't recommend any since I don't have experience with any but... Anything is probably better than Samsung.  One star and they've lost a customer for life.

