I’ve had my Lumo Lift for about a week now and am really enjoying it. Some key points I wish to mention:

1. I’d suggest that anyone who buys one of these and is frustrated at first with it....stick with it! The first couple of days I had trouble remembering what the different modes were and how to set them; I couldn’t remember what the different buzzes meant; I had some trouble figuring out how to align the device....and I was just generally confused by everything. The instructions that come with it are very minimal. However, I am an very curious and tenacious person, so I spent some time researching the device, playing with it, Googling some questions I had, reading the website, etc. Now I can truly say I know how to fully set, access and interpret this device.

2. This has truly helped me become more mindful of my posture, and I really think it has improved in just a week. The first several days my back was actually a bit sore from adopting a “non-slouching” position instead of what I had become used to over the past several years of sitting at my desk job, playing with my iPad, etc. I knew my posture was starting to really suck and that’s why I bought the Lumo Lift; I was hoping it could really help me, and it has.

3. I don’t really care one whit about the step tracking or calorie burn functions that are included with this, so I haven’t tried to figure out whether they are accurate. I intend to only use Lumo Lift it for posture, as I have a FitBit for the other stuff.

4. If there is any way to customize my “posture goal” (i.e., how many hours per day I want good posture) I haven’t figured it out yet. The default is four hours, but I want it to be a lot higher than that; I want good posture all day long! If it’s not possible now to change that, I hope the developers will include that ability in an update because I really would like to be able to do so.

5. I find the magnets to be plenty strong and have not even worried about losing the device due to it coming loose from the magnet. I have used both the bra clip and the regular magnets they all seem very strong. I also want to point out that there are three more “hidden” magnets included in the packaging materials: they are glued to the underside of the plastic housing to hold the components in place in the package. These are easy to pull off and I am going to dress those up by gluing some blingy things to them to make them look more like a pin of some sort. Might as well use them, I figure.

5. I haven’t found the battery life to be nearly what is stated (five days); I’ve had to charge mine twice already, having only had it a week. That makes no difference to me since I plan to just put it in the charger every night before going to bed anyway, but anyone who thinks a five-day battery life is important might be disappointed. I will say that I have been using the device in “Coaching” mode quite a bit, which does pull a lot of battery power, and I plan to continue doing so. That is, after all, the point of it for me (i.e., I want it to buzz me to tell me to sit up straight when I slouch....which is what Coaching mode does.)

Bottom line: I’d say if you’re looking for something to help improve your posture, you like gadgets and are willing to stick with something new long enough to figure out how to use it, you will get a lot of use out of Lumo Lift. If you’re expecting it to cook your breakfast, move on to something with more features.

Oh, finally.....it does NOT work with Android devices at this time. Supposedly that ability is coming in the future, but I haven’t seen an indication of when. I am an Apple girl so this doesn’t matter to me, but if you’re on Android you may be disappointed if you order this now.
