While I didn't get the Typhoon H from Amazon, I do actually have my hands on my very own Yuneec Typhoon H. It is my very first multi-rotor (drone) and I must say I've done a fantastic job picking this drone up.
For those that don't want to wait for the details below, here is the bottom line. GET IT. Rock solid, stable, nimble, but also easy to fly. There are a few minor issues, but nothing that impedes safety, functionality, or performance. Camera quality is great, GPS lock and extra functionality with the ST16 controller is stellar. Range is perfectly adequate for LEGAL usage of this camera platform and once you have received your Section 333 exemption it is easy enough to reconfigure for whatever your legal needs are.
Now, here is a more in-depth review:
Out of the box this is impressive - it is compact but looks almost alien once the 6 arms are extended and clicked into place. Next, you click on the propellers - 3 each of the 'A' and 'B' blades following the color coordinated posts - put the blade in place and give it a quick 1/4 turn to click and lock in place. Next, slide the battery in place, remove the camera gimble lock, and you are good to go.
BUT WAIT!!! I didn't talk about the other critical part of this package - the ST16. And you need to have it turned on BEFORE you power up the camera platform. OK - here are the details. Everything you've read is true. This controller is BEAUTIFUL. It is very large, but it is not heavy. Measurements are 6.75"x13"x1.5". The sides where you hold the controller are slightly thicker and rounded to provide extra comfort. The center is dominated by a 7" android tablet. It is bright, clear, and crisp and provides all of the pertinent details the pilot needs to navigate the drone and control the camera. During flight, a quick double tap on the screen eliminates all of the other details and provides just the view from the camera - very helpful when trying to line up that perfect shot. The left of the controller has a 'D' pad that looks like it was pulled right off of an old-school Nintendo system. Just to the right is the button for taking still photos. Above the D pad is the standard RC control stick. Out of the box, this is configured in Mode 2 so this stick controls elevation and rudder (up/down, and rotation left or right). Next above that are the controls for camera panning - a twist knob and a couple of different switches for different modes/styles of camera control. On the very top on the left side is a big red button - this is the engine start/stop button and is pretty self-explanatory.
On the right side is another 'D' pad and the button to start/stop video recording. Above that is the RC control stick that controls pitch forward/back/left/right (basic direction control). Above that are the switches for flight modes (Smart/Angle), and obstacle avoidance. On the very top on the right is the coolest switch - the switch for the landing gear. Yeah - it's just awesome.
The two antenna are on the top of the controller for connection to the camera feed and the remote control unit. They are easy to fold away or fold open for flight operations. On the back are two circular sliders - the one on the left controls the angle up/down on the camera while the one on the right controls the expo rates (speed) of the drone itself.
OK - now that all of that is out of the way, it's time to FLY!!! Kind of..... First, power up the controller. Boot time is around 2 minutes which seems like an hour when you are just really excited to get this up in the air. Once it's up, power on the drone by holding the power button for a couple of seconds and wait while the drone starts making all kinds of cool start up noises. The lights will flash and the start-up process will take another couple of min to finalize. During this time, the screen on the controller will indicate it is connecting to the drone and WiFi for the live video feed. Once it's connected, you are good to go, right? Not quite yet...... Last step is to perform a calibration on the drone. Tap the 'GPS Calibration' and then 'calibrate' icon on the controller. Lights on two arms will flash. Hold one in each hand and rotate the drone away from you until the lights stop flashing. Two different lights will flash so you grab those and repeat. Do this several times until the drone is back pointing the way it was when you started. The drone will beep indicating calibration is complete. OK - finally! NOW it is time to fly!!
Step away from the drone 15-20 feet and press and hold the red button on the controller. The engines will start and you can slowly push up on the left control stick to take off! Alternately, you can also press the 'task' button on the controller and tap 'take off'. Once you've reached your desired altitude, take your fingers off of the control sticks and the drone will simply hover there.
As this is my first drone, I'm not sure I'm fit to give a play by play of how to control the drone. I will say that it was very simple to control both in 'turtle' and 'rabbit' modes and in 'smart' and 'angle' mode. Smart mode uses the GPS on both the controller and the drone to direct the drone without reference to the direction the 'front' of the drone is facing. 'Angle' mode gives you much more control over the drone, but you will have to pay attention to where the 'front' of the drone is while you are piloting it.
After you've had your fun, it's time to land. You can flip the switch to 'home' mode and the drone will automatically head to the controller. Once it is there, press down on the left stick and the drone will slowly decend until it rests on the ground. Alternately, you can actively pilot the drone (using Smart or Angle) mode until you are above your desired landing site. Use the left stick to lower the drone until it is resting on the ground. Once it's down, pres the red button for a couple of seconds and the engines are off.
The video I got during my maiden flight today was beautiful and it should be attached to this review.
I expect this drone to last me through years of hobbist (and potentially commercial) use. The components are built well, sturdy, and should last as long as you take care of it and treat it with respect.

Now - on to the items that are less than stellar. #1 - DOCUMENTATION. No manual is included in the kit. The kit does have a quick start guide, basic do's and don'ts etc, but no manual. Fine - I figured I could go to Yuneec's site and download the manual from there. Nope. The 'manual' link there simply takes you back to the main Yuneec page. After hours and hours of digging I finally located a manual on a foreign Yuneec site (German) but the manual is in English. I found it to be very helpful, but there are still a lot of items that simply take some trial and error to determine how to make them work. The next thing that could use some tweaking are the LED's on the bottom of the drone. In less than full sun I could see it well but in the sun it's almost impossible to see. Lastly, it's the 'D' pads on the controller. They are completely useless. They can't do anything and are simply there for decoration. I wish there was SOMETHING they could configure these to do, some task they could perform. Perhaps some form of macros? Press one side and it automatically configures a specific camera setting or goes to CCC configuration or something. Nothing that detracts from actual purpose BUT..... if it's there, it should be able to actually perform some task.
These items are minor and can be easily addressed and/or worked around. They don't detract from the fun this drone can provide.
*UPDATE*
First off - I've updated the video but Amazon compression killed it again. It does not look like that anywhere else I've played it. Secondly, I've now flown my Typhoon for 7.3 hours according to my log book. All flights have come off without a hitch, hiccup, or incident of any kind. I've flown in wind as gusty as 15-20mph and it was able to hold a steady hover no problem. Everything on the drone still looks brand new and operates the same as it did right out of the box. The only thing I think I'll need is an extra battery or two and an extra MicroSD card for capturing video. I've also been able to meet several other 'drone' owners and have flown a few other drones. While the DJI drones do seem to be a little quicker, I've yet to see anything the DJI Phantom (2, 3, or 4) can do that I can't do with the Typhoon H. Still very glad I made this purchase!