I am a full out working mom who never stops, and normally have earbuds in my ear the majority of the day. Luckily I have a job where I'm not dealing with the public, and my boss is cool, so I'm able to have my earbuds in all around the office. That being said, my line of work includes a lot of walking around the office, getting up constantly from my desk, and having earbuds that plug into your cell phone is definitely annoying when you're filing, and they get stuck around an open drawer and are ripped out of your ears. Ow. So I did order a multitude of cheap to high dollar wireless earbuds that all sucked. I did buy one pair that was pretty decent, but my husband managed to steal those for when he's fishing so he doesn't loose his expensive pair of wireless earbuds. So I, in turn, stole his expensive wireless earbuds. And I had a love hate relationship with them. The battery did not last long, so I was constantly charging it, and I found they hurt my ears after continued use even with changed up the earbuds.  So when I came across the Bose SoundSport earbuds, I went ahead and got them hoping they would be better than my husbands. I can happily say that after a full day of use I think I might be in love with a non animate object.  When you open the package you'll find the Bose earbuds with the medium earbuds on it, and under the plastic housing the earbuds you'll find the small and large earbuds, a USB cable for charging, and an awesome round case for storage that has a great big clip on it to attach to a bag, purse, etc. As soon as I opened it, I went ahead and started charging the wireless earbuds, hoping they'll be ready for my lunch hour workout, and in less than two hours the red light turned green, and the battery was fully charged. So it has a very small amount of charge time, which is great as, again, I use them all day. The light also changes from red, which is no charge at all, to yellow, which is charging, and finally to green for a full charge. What I also love about charging these is that they have a little battery door on the right earbud on the side of it. My husbands expensive ones had the charging port under the earpiece, and I had to pull off the earbud to get to it, and it was so very easy to loose the earbud.  Once I was done charging, I downloaded the Bose app to my phone just in case I needed it, and with my Bluetooth on, pressed down on the power button for two seconds. It came up immediately on my phone, and after just a second was synced and ready to go! I did open the app to see what that was about, and from it you can change a few setting features, such as when the wireless earbuds go to sleep mode. I left it on 20 minutes, which is what it's automatically set to. Other than that the app features settings where you can name your earbuds (I choose, Hands Off Husband), change the language, take off the voice prompts, see a user manual, and manage which devices the earbuds are paired to.  After those settings are done, you are all set! I popped these in my ear testing the size and fit, and I'm a very small female, and the medium was perfect for me. The control buttons are very close to your right ear, like right underneath for ease of use, but if your hair is down I found the control kind of got lost in all my hair. I do like the fact that the back of the control area is hard plastic, and the buttons are soft silicone, and I also found the raised volume buttons to be very user friendly and easy to find. The middle portion of the control features the play, pause, and skip button. One press for starting your music, another press for pausing, and two presses for skipping. You can also answer the phone by pressing on this button to or end the call. The only issue I had there is from my cell phone in answering a call. I had to change it to the Bose earbuds as even though I pressed the central button to answer the call, it still went to my cell phones speakers. When you receive a call the earbuds also speak the number and the persons name if you have it saved, which is great.  In listening to my audio books or music, Bose definitely lives up to its name! Just wow! I listened to music with deep bass, just to see how it would sound...oh my word. It literally vibrated my ears that's how deep the bass is! Amazing! The sound is so incredible, and makes my husbands expensive one's seem like the cheapest one's on the market. And they were more expensive than these! With these in your ear, they aren't fully noise cancelling, but they do a very good job of keeping out other noise!  I also went to the gym with these on, and used the attached clip to clip it to my workout shirt, and I did a full workout, including running, and these never once moved in my ears! They stayed put with ease! They aren't uncomfortable at all, and I literally had the right earbud in my ear from 11:30 in the morning to 7 that evening, and I had no pain in my ear at all! Super comfortable! As for the battery life of that time frame...I had FIFTY percent still left in my earbuds after using them from listening to music, audio books, talking, or in sleep mode. I forgot to power them off last night, and I had forty percent left this morning!! Great freaking battery life on these!  These are by far the best wireless earbuds I've used to date! They are comfortable, easy to use, the battery life is fantastic, and the sound quality is beyond superb! My husband is currently eyeing them with keen interest, so we might have to order him a pair.

