So, just bought this product at my local RadioShack since Amazon was out of stock. Either way I thought I'd write a review considering there aren't too many on them since this is a newer item, and I am quite impressed!

Just a note about myself, I have no prior use of any other workout headphones, I'm the type of guy who just used the Apple iPhone earbuds or kept buying cheap $10-20 earbuds (JVC, Sony, Skullcandy etc.) until they eventually would break. I decided to suck it up and purchase a better quality headphone just to workout in (I mainly lift weights but I do run on a treadmill or a track. These seemed PERFECT for me they weren't too expensive I don't need a heart monitor or any other fancy features. I was thinking about getting LG Tones but the bar that rests on your back did seem a little off to me for running (bouncing around) or uncomfortably laying on it while benching.

Out of the box you get the headphones, 2 more sizes of the earbuds and a USB charger. There's a quick little start-up guide in there as well to get you going it takes less than 2 minutes to get everything synced up and learn how to use it. They recommend trying out all size earbuds to make sure you find the one that fits the best the medium set that is already on them worked best for me but everyone is different. I've only just purchased them but I've worked out in them twice and I can only say WOW! I am definitely impressed. They seem pretty durable and not flimsy like said cheap headphones I was using. The sound quality is also GREAT as far as listening to music while working out goes. On top of that they are secure and did not fall out of my ear once *not during any of my lifts or when I ran on the treadmill) and they are very comfortable you don't even know they're on some times. My music never cut out or skipped and played every song for its entirety.

All in all yes I know I've only had them for a couple days now but I would STRONGLY RECOMMEND these to a friend without a doubt they are definitely worth it.
