Blue Yeti Review Summary
The Blue Yeti is an excellent plug and record USB microphone that has dramatically increased the quality of my voice recordings. It has a solid & sleek build, is easy to use, and most importantly clearly records my voice.

Introduction - Who I am and how do I use this product
My name is Antonio and I own and operate ATailoredSuit.com; I have been using the Blue Yeti since February to speak with clients on Skype and to record podcasts and videos about men's style and custom clothing. Prior to owning the Blue Yeti I used the Blue Snowflake for one year; before that I used the built in microphone on my computer and headsets. For the last 6 months I have been looking at purchasing the Blue Snowball; when this microphone came out I decided to make this purchase instead.

Pros - Things I Love
1. Sound Recording Quality - The most important quality in a microphone; from my limited 30 day use and when compared to the past types of microphones I am used to (Blue Snowflake, Logitech Webcam 9000 Microphone, Various Headset microphones, Built in Computer Microphones) this Microphone beat them all.
2. Plug and Play - I have seamlessly used this microphone on 3 separate computers, one running XP, the other Vista, and on a Windows 7 machine. In each case it was immediately recognized and clearly marked as the Blue Yeti
3. Simple Knobs and Design - Mute, Mode, Headphone Volume and MIC Gain Control. Stand can be tightened and microphone removed.
4. Solid Build - Overall, Solid (One small complaint below). The 10 foot USB cord was a nice touch.
5. Playful Approach - Blue has decided to present the Yeti in a playful manner. They appeal to the creative and make the manual much more approachable for those of us not technically inclined.

Cons - Things I am not happy with
1. Size - It weight 3.5 pounds and stands 1 foot high - I am used to this now, but be prepared for a big footprint!
2. Looseness of Volume & Gain Controls - A small complaint, but for an overall solid device these feel like they will be the first things to break.

Final Recommendation
The Blue Yeti is an amazing microphone that was well worth the investment. It has already dramatically increased the quality of my voice recordings and I recommend it to any podcaster. I give this product 9 out of 10 stars (5 out of 5 for Amazon!), my only knock that the price maybe too high for some.